Docs - add table of contents per topic (#79)
arcus-azure/arcus.scripting: docs/preview/features/powershell/azure-data-factory.md

# Azure Data Factory

This module provides the following capabilities:

> - [Enabling a trigger of a Azure Data Factory resource](#enable-the-trigger-of-a-azure-data-factory)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Enabling a trigger of a Azure Data Factory pipeline](#enable-the-trigger-of-a-azure-data-factory)
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Enabling a trigger of an Azure Data Factory pipeline](#enable-the-trigger-of-a-azure-data-factory)
```

> - [Disabling a trigger of a Azure Data Factory resource](#disable-the-trigger-of-a-azure-data-factory)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Disabling a trigger of a Azure Data Factory pipeline](#disable-the-trigger-of-a-azure-data-factory)
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Disabling a trigger of an Azure Data Factory pipeline](#disable-the-trigger-of-a-azure-data-factory)
```
